[DOCS] Getting Started - Clean Up and Integration Tests (#2985)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/tutorials/getting-started/connect-to-data.md

When you completed those last few steps, you told Great Expectations that:

+ You want to create a new Datasource called `data__dir`.
+ You want to use Pandas to read the data from CSV.

Based on that information, the CLI added the following entry into your ```great_expectations.yml``` file, under the datasources header:

> ```python file=../../../tests/integration/docusaurus/tutorials/getting-started/getting_started.py#L16-L35

Reviewer: Just a suggestion - you could display this as a yaml snippet, and just use L17-L34 to cut out the Python bits.

Author: I just tried it, and i like it more :) thanks for the suggestion

Based on that information, the CLI added the following entry into your ```great_expectations.yml``` file, under the datasources header:

```yaml file=../../../tests/integration/docusaurus/tutorials/getting-started/getting_started.py#L17-L34
```

:::note What does the configuration contain?

> - `ExecutionEngine` : The `ExecutionEngine` provides backend-specific computing resources that are used to read-in and perform validation on data.  For more information on `ExecutionEngines`, please refer to the following [Core Concepts document on `ExecutionEngines`](/docs/reference/execution-engine)

Reviewer: Personal preference: I would only include backticks for the first instance of a term in the definition (and you may want to **bold** this instance of using backticks. If you decide not to change this, I would still remove the backticks from the term ExecutionEngines within the link at the end of this line (it looks a little strange).

Author: I totally agree with your point on **bold**, and removing the backticks from the link, and have adjusted the doc accordingly.  

Regarding the rest of the backticks (I think there are maybe 2 that are not the first instance of a term), I'm honestly a bit torn....  I tried playing around with it a bit, and only having *some* of the terms backtick-ed made it seem like we had "missed" the formatting on some of the docs. Would like to keep them for now, and perhaps revisit if they become too much of an eyesore.

Author: adding a short definition of `DataConnectors` for consistency too

> - `DataConnectors` : The current configuration contains an `InferredAssetFilesystemDataConnector`, which allows you to retrieve a batch of data by naming a data asset (which is the filename in our case) and a `RuntimeDataConnector`, which allows you to retrieve a batch of data by defining a filepath.  In this tutorial we will focus on the `InferredAssetFilesystemDataConnector`.  For more information on DataConnectors, please refer to the following [Core Concepts document on `Datasources`](/docs/reference/datasources).

Reviewer: Just some minor nits, also removing the backticks from the link. Same note as above (personal preference) - I think you should backtick or bold the first instance of a term, but not the subsequent terms. Since InferredAssetFilesystemDataConnector is a new term, I would backtick/bold the first instance of it.
```suggestion
- `DataConnectors` : The current configuration contains both an `InferredAssetFilesystemDataConnector`, which allows you to retrieve a batch of data by naming a data asset (which is the filename in our case), and a `RuntimeDataConnector`, which allows you to retrieve a batch of data by defining a filepath.  In this tutorial we will only be using the `InferredAssetFilesystemDataConnector`.  For more information on DataConnectors, please refer to the following [Core Concepts document on Datasources](/docs/reference/datasources).
```
